Release (#338)
publiccodenet/about: activities/codebase-stewardship/criteria-for-codebase-stewardship.md

## Evaluation questions

> This is a list of questions for current owners of potential codebases to help us better understand their codebase before the [Assess phase](https://about.publiccode.net/activities/codebase-stewardship/lifecycle.html).

Reviewer: Decapitalize assess

```suggestion
This is a list of questions for current owners of potential codebases to help us better understand their codebase before the [assess phase](https://about.publiccode.net/activities/codebase-stewardship/lifecycle.html).
```

### Community potential

> 1. Is there a two to four year roadmap?

Reviewer: Let's use numbers where we use numbers! :D

```suggestion
1. Is there a 2 to 4 year roadmap?
```
